README.md, before:

# Weather Drip

## Description

A weather web application that tourists or vacationers enter a City or Zip-Code and they recieve clothes options depending on the temperature of that place.

Built to help people know what to pack when going to a new place.

![website-start](https://github.com/So-Emily/Weather-You-Need-Clothes/assets/10500315/8e3ffb34-bb8b-4bf5-b504-85347d0688b6)

![website-input-entered](https://github.com/So-Emily/Weather-You-Need-Clothes/assets/10500315/6789a731-9af5-4feb-adf4-4b71945b1db2)

## User Story

AS A tourist

I WANT to be able to see the weather in a city I input

then be recommended the type of clothing I should wear/bring with me

SO THAT planning my trips and vacations will be easier


## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a webpage with a weather form and dynamic background
WHEN I search for a city I am traveling to

THEN I am shown weather information on a the weather in that city with a blank figure (stick figure?)

WHEN I am viewing the weather information I can view the types of clothes recommended for that weather

THEN I can click the clothes to find a drop down of clothing items

WHEN I use the drop down for the clothes I can drag clothes onto the mannequin figure

Commit message:

README Touch Ups
Adding Technologies and Deployment
Also fixing the Acceptance Criteria to evenly match what we ended up with

README.md, after:

# Weather Drip

## Description

A weather web application that tourists or vacationers enter a City or Zip-Code and they recieve clothes options depending on the temperature of that place.

Built to help people know what to pack when going to a new place.

![website-start](https://github.com/So-Emily/Weather-You-Need-Clothes/assets/10500315/8e3ffb34-bb8b-4bf5-b504-85347d0688b6)

![website-input-entered](https://github.com/So-Emily/Weather-You-Need-Clothes/assets/10500315/6789a731-9af5-4feb-adf4-4b71945b1db2)


## User Story

AS A tourist

I WANT to be able to see the weather in a city I input

then be recommended the type of clothing I should wear/bring with me

SO THAT planning my trips and vacations will be easier


## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a webpage with a weather form and dynamic background

WHEN I search for a city I am traveling to

THEN I am shown weather information on a the weather in that city with a blank figure (stick figure?)

WHEN I am viewing the weather information I can view the types of clothes recommended for that weather

THEN I can click the clothes to find a drop down of clothing items

WHEN I use the drop down for the clothes I can get information on the price and where to buy the clothes item


## Technologies 
- RapidAPI
- Open Weather Maps
- Materialize
- Cloudflare 
- W3Schools


## Deployed Links

This project is deployed through GitHubs own live pages:

https://so-emily.github.io/Weather-You-Need-Clothes/
